This huge PR adds proper SEO to all articles in the docs for better search engine indexing (#162)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/troubleshooting/js-requestor/exit-codes.md

---
title: Golem Requestor Troubleshooting - Exit Code Meanings 

> description: Comprehensive guide to understanding Linux exit codes encountered as a requestor on the Golem Network for effective debugging. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Resources to understand Linux exit codes encountered as a requestor on the Golem Network for effective debugging. 
```
